{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Hat Template Instructions\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\

\f0\b\fs36 \ul Exporting a Proof (PNG):
\f1\b0 \

\fs24 \ulnone For proofing, it is preferred that the hat design is seen on the hat graphic. In order to accomplish this, you will have to export a PNG file as your proof. The following will explain how to export a PNG proof from within Illustrator:\
\
1. In Illustrator, go to File \uc0\u8594  Export \u8594  Export As. Select PNG from the format dropdown in the following window and hit OK.\
\
2. In the PNG Options window, make sure the resolution is set to High (300 ppi), the Anti-aliasing is set to Art Optimized (Supersampling), and the background color is set to Transparent. Then click Ok.\
\
3. The resulting PNG should have a transparent background with your graphic on the hat image in the position that you desire it to be on the physical hat itself.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Finalizing Files (SVG & PNG):
\f1\b0 \

\fs24 \ulnone Once the design is approved, the Operators will need two files: a proof PNG for placement reference and a vector SVG for the design itself. With the finalized design, simply export another proof PNG using the above steps for the reference file. In order to get a properly formatted SVG, please do the following:\
\
1. Make sure to outline all text before you save out an SVG. I recommend saving an .ai file with the text still editable, then outline the text specifically for the SVG file. That way if you need to go back and make adjustments to the logo later, you have a version with editable text still.\
\
2. In Illustrator, select all of your design elements within the artboard that you wish to include in the SVG file\
\
3. Go to File \uc0\u8594  Export Selection, which should give you a custom Export for Screens window\
\
4. Along the top of this window, make sure you are in the Assets tab and not the Artboards tab.\
\
5. Make sure the Asset you wish to export is selected in this area. \
	- You may notice multiple assets of the same design, or different design from past exports. This 	window keeps track of many of your previous exports. If you would like to clear out these assets, you 	can do so by going to Window \uc0\u8594  Asset Export. From there you can select all the assets you wish to 	remove from this window and hit the trashcan icon to delete them and clear up your assets history.\
\
6. In the Export Selection (Export for Screens) window, change the format to SVG, then click Export Asset\
\
7. The resulting export should just be an SVG of your vector graphic with no extra artboard or hat background image. Treat this SVG image as your print file.\
}